[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Today on Cosmic
Disclosure, we are with Tim,
a tactical advisor to covert
analyst trying to understand
the missions and strategies of
non-human intelligences here
on Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> Tim, we talked a lot
about the hybrid program here
on Earth.
Could you please explain what
is the Immersion Program?
>> Right.
So basically, we have three
types of non-terrestrials
interacting with humanity
right now, which is basically,
A, people that got
integrated, reintegrated,
reincarnated on this planet.
And B, hybrids, which are born
beings on this planet that
have a cohesive experience.
And we have C, which is
the Immersion Program,
and this is basically
empty vessels
that are being placed
on this very planet
and are being controlled from
outside from a ship or a base
or something outside
of the planet.
>> How are they controlled?
>> Yeah, it's like one of your
favorite Hollywood movies where
someone is basically putting
his original body into a tube,
a container, or something.
And his neurons and the
brain, the actual brain,
gets connected via some
technology with an empty vessel
and its brain.
So basically, someone in a tube
outside of the planet on a ship
or maybe even on a
different other planet
where the capacities are
large enough and good enough
can operate a humanoid
figure on this planet
in a absolutely immersive way.
>> How is this different
than the non-soul humans?
>> It's not that different.
So basically, we've seen that
ETs can use non-soul humans
for this purpose.
It's pretty easy to do so for
them because those are empty,
non-inhabited so to speak.
But most species that use
these immersion programs,
like for example, the
Greys, they usually grow
humanoid figures,
bodies artificially
so they can better integrate
themselves into them.
>> Can you explain a little
bit more about this technology?
>> Yes, it's basically a
technology that you put
your own natural biological
being, body into that.
You have a nutritional liquid.
For some species,
the Greys do not
need that because they
have a different system.
But there are more
than one species
that uses the same
technology, and some of them
have biological bodies.
They need food.
They need to digest basically.
They need liquid.
And they also need
some movements
because you could basically stay
in this tube for months, even
years.
And as you know, biological body
cannot hold a position for too
long.
So basically, those
containers then
make sure that
the body is moved,
the original body is moved
so that it doesn't break.
>> When you get transferred
from the pod to, let's say,
a vessel, does the being's
soul and spirit go with that,
to that new vessel?
>> No, not necessarily.
So the actual body
stays in the ship.
The soul container is
what we call the soul.
This is operating from a
different higher frequential
plane, basically, a level 6
consciousness outside of time,
so to speak.
So this is non-localized--
still connected to a
localized form, of course.
But the whole experience
is 100% immersive,
which means that the person,
the ET that uses this technology
is 100% solved in that
unique experience.
They 100% perceive
their surroundings
through the emotions and
the neurological features
of that human body, for example.
>> If something were to
happen to the vessel--
and does anything happen to the
3D body, like an injury, death?
>> Well, phantom
pain would happen.
So basically if the vessel
loses an arm, for example,
and the awareness in
that vessel suddenly gets
rejected, and the
person awakes in the pod
then it might feel for one
or two days that his arm got
sloughed off or something.
They would feel it
through their own brain
in their own
neurological system.
But it's a phantom pain
that would basically occur.
>> What's the purpose
of these immersion pods?
>> Well, depends on
who's using them.
But what we see is
that, mostly, species
use them in order
to make contact,
which is a quite
peaceful approach to it.
They have realized that
it's much easier when
you appear to be human to get
in contact with other humans,
instead of using their original
form and their original body.
Those bodies are
actually 100% adaptive
to their specific environment,
which means, on Earth,
you do not need to care about
certain microbes, viruses,
or even the environment--
the biological and natural
environment at all.
>> Makes it very,
very convenient.
>> Makes it super
convenient, yes.
Well, some are using
it as a technology
to disguise, and to covertly
interact, or do something.
So you could, basically, use--
if you have the right
genetics, you could basically
create a clone of your own
best friends, or something,
and use that as a vessel.
So you could get
very close to someone
without them realizing it.
>> The extraterrestrial
that's using a human body,
is this something that's
short-term or his whole life?
>> It can be used for a
short-term interaction.
I was talking about
this situation
where an ET intelligence used
some non-soul humans in order
to make contact with me and
a group of friends of mine.
So in general, those
vessels are being used
for 20, 30 years, or something.
They could also use it
for an entire lifespan
of a human being,
which is basically
around 70 years or something.
It depends on the mission.
And it depends on what the
ET wants to accomplish.
And some ETs are only interested
in specific human experiences,
which is mating, love.
Having parents is something that
is super interesting to them
because, look, the Greys don't
reproduce in a natural way.
They do not have
a mom and a dad.
So they basically
gain this experience
through fully and 100% immersive
experiences of being human.
>> Does the vessel know once the
extraterrestrial returns back
to the pod?
Does that being recall?
>> No.
The body itself can
only be operated as long
as there is an awareness inside
of him, or her, or whatever.
So basically, once
immersion ends,
basically, the body just falls
to the ground and would die.
>> So could you and I be in
an immersion pod right now?
>> Yes, we could.
And we wouldn't
potentially know about it
because most of the
experiences-- well,
the ETs could make you
aware that you are inside
of this technology.
The big risk of it is to
lose the connection, which
is basically similar
to, for example,
a dream, when you realize
you're inside of a dream.
And that dream gets destabilized
through that awareness.
And you suddenly wake up.
So basically, once someone
comes to a full understanding
and awareness of being
inside of a tube,
that means that your actual
brain has lost its connection
to the vessel.
And then you basically
snap out of it,
probably have a really heavy
experience with waking up,
which for a human using
this apparatus would take
one, two, three days until you
fully get your sense of reality
back.
And you might react with--
your actual body might
react with fever and
dizziness, which isn't
the case with some other ETs.
So the Greys, for example,
they have this immersive hut,
like a cloud system or
something around the universe.
So they, basically--
because they are always
living in some kind of
immersion technology,
this is basically their
whole life experience
that they use 3D-printed
bodies and get their awareness
into them.
They don't have this super
hot experience of waking up.
>> When the extraterrestrial
in the pod is finished with his
mission, let's say, what
happens to that vessel?
Does it die?
And how different is
that than ordinary death?
>> It's similar but different
in that way as, yes,
it dies once the consciousness
is being removed from this
vessel.
It's like removing the
actual life force out of it.
You could reuse that vessel
because it's basically
a non-soul human then.
It's an empty
vessel that could be
upgraded with another
consciousness again.
But most of the time,
those vessels just die.
And what's the difference
between the natural biological
death and this death?
The difference is that
the awareness then
awakes in a different
situation, again.
And it's basically
living its life, again.
So we know that the
lifespan of Greys
can be in the
thousands of years.
So basically, you're
staying 70 years
on this planet to make an
immersive experience is just
a few percentage of
their own lifespan.
So they can go on
after that and live on.
So the natural
occurring death would
mean that your awareness
and your energy
just leaves the body.
The body dies.
And your awareness gets
re-filtered and reused
by the natural patterns
that the universe has.
But that is a pretty
unconscious experience.
Only if you're very
trained and you
know how to maneuver
through death,
then you can bring your
awareness, your energy
to someplace that
you want to be.
But other than that,
you're just moving
through the natural recycled
program of the universe, which
is unconscious.
And then you get reintegrated.
You lose your memory, of course.
And then you're reintegrated
into some other scenario.
>> So, Tim, let's talk
about the extraterrestrial
that's in the pod.
He left the vessel.
Does his memory
come with him back?
And also emotional stress and
traumatic emotional stuff,
does that also come
back when they wake up?
>> Yes.
100%.
This is one of the big
benefits to this technology
that everything you
experienced in your vessel
is 100% immersive to
your own experience.
So basically, when you
go through something
that lifts your own soul
and your own character--
for example, having a baby.
This can be a
transformational process
for the person who has it.
And if you have,
for example, a Grey,
they would naturally
never have this experience
of being connected to
another being or something
because they do not
naturally reproduce.
So if there is a Grey that has--
suddenly giving birth to human
baby through its own vessel,
this experience is 100% real
to the being, to the ET.
And whatever consequences,
or whatever feeling
of connectivity, of love,
of cherishing another being,
or something comes with that,
this is 100% true to the being
as well.
So when they wake
up in that pod,
they still have that
emotional feeling.
This is 100% true.
This is not like a dream
that fades very quickly.
It stays with you.
And it changes your
soul and your character.
>> Do you have to have the same
gender for those beings that
do--
>> No.
>> So a male can go to a female.
>> Yes.
>> OK.
>> And we've seen that.
So some other
species-- again, this
is a technology that's been
used not only by the Greys,
but different other species
are using it as well.
And some of these
species do not have
an interest in making contact
scenarios or something.
They use it as only
for the experience
and only for experiencing
something out of fun.
So if they like
the idea of being
a female and have fun with that,
they can definitely do that.
>> Are there any governments or
agencies here on Earth that are
utilizing this technology?
And if so, how are
they utilizing it?
>> As much as I am
informed, yes, there are.
There are very rare
situations where
this technology is being
used because, I think,
it's not as perfected.
So basically, it's
very rarely used
because it's still in some
kind of development phase.
While the Greys have this
enormous cloud internet
thing going on
throughout the universe,
they can basically
operate a vessel
through an enormous distance.
So they could use it.
And they could be somewhere
in Orion or something.
And this is 60 light years away.
But they still can use it.
And they still have
this connection.
And it's almost even
instantly that they use it.
And they have no lack at all.
The way I understand
it, the human program,
that is top class
technology right now.
It has certain
challenges with the lack,
and the distance--
the proximity.
>> And what happened to the ET
in the pod if he were to die?
>> It's very rare that
people like ETs die
because there's a medical team
or a team that observes all
these beings in these tubes.
They are const--
>> What if the craft just
exploded or something happened?
>> Oh, OK, like that?
>> Yes.
>> I mean, that would instantly
lose the connection between
the vessel and the beings.
>> So the vessel, what happens?
Do they fall on the ground or--
>> Yes.
>> Really?
>> It would fall down on the
ground and would be basically
dead.
>> Tragic.
What are the reasons for
using a human vessel instead
of their own
extraterrestrial vessel
when they're trying
to make contact?
>> There are reasons for
that, which has to do with
the similar behavior and
appearance of these vessels.
They look human.
So it's basically, pretty easy.
The beings themselves
are pretty well
integrated and prepared for the
environment they are used in.
So if you're using something
on a different planet that
has a different atmosphere,
and a different pressure,
and humans, for example,
or different ETs
could not survive there, if they
use the vessels of that species
that lives on that
planet and is perfectly
fit to that environment,
they are perfectly fit to it.
So there are some reasons
for using that technology,
for gaining that specific
experience in a very real sense
while being safe
at the same time.
Because even if they die,
they get back to the ship
and live on whatever
time span they live.
So these are the reasons.
Other reasons for
choosing a hybrid--
which has its own
complications to it.
Hybrids could get lost
in their own incarnation.
They could forget
that they are hybrids.
They could get lost in a way
that they lose track of them.
But it also brings some
benefits because everyone
who's born on this
planet has a certain set
of rights in a cosmological
universal sense.
So basically, someone who's
only using a vessel in order
to appear human is,
basically, still an alien.
And someone who's
born on this planet
is basically an earthling.
So there's this difference.
>> And what is the difference
between reincarnation
and the immersion pods?
>> Reincarnation is
a natural process.
Every one of us always
reincarnate somewhere
at some times.
Reincarnation process
has some challenges
to it as well, some
non-controllable moments.
You could very easily
get lost in existence.
And we see that happen to
a lot of reincarnated souls
that they just feel not
at home on this planet.
But they haven't
realized they might
have come from
somewhere else in order
to shift this experience
on this planet.
So this is one of the
biggest challenges that
could come to someone
who's reintegrating itself
on this planet.
Also all the experiences you
have as a reincarnated soul,
they might be fatal in that way.
When you die, you're dead.
You're not waking
up somewhere else.
But your soul gets
reincarnated and gets back
in this natural recycling
process that the universe has.
So again, there are
pros and cons to that.
One of the pros--
and that is why
a lot of higher
frequential beings
still use reincarnation
methods is
that you are directly
connected to the consciousness
field of the group.
So basically, when you
are here on a mission
to stabilize the frequency-- the
frequential field of the Earth,
when you reincarnate
it as an earthling,
basically, you
are 100% connected
with the energetical
consciousness field of Earth.
While when you're only a
visitor to this Earth--
to this world, you can
still have an impact
by doing physical actions.
But you're not part of
the collective field.
>> What's more effective,
using the immersion pods
or an extraterrestrial
that could shapeshift?
>> Well, I would say--
so the shapeshifting-- and I
had the pleasure, so to speak,
to connect with a being
that was doing that.
That is a psionic field.
So this is something
that they project outside
with their own psionic features,
their own powers they have,
their mind powers basically.
And this cannot be
hold up for too long.
So basically, once someone is
inside of this Earth field,
psionic features and psionic
skills are limited by a lot.
So basically, when someone--
a species that has this ability
is on a different planet
or something where you don't
have this heavy reality
field that we have
on this planet,
they could, for
example, project out
their appearance for
months and months
until they need to
recover from that,
take a little nap or something,
and eventually get back
into form.
But on Earth, it's the
way that you can only
hold that appearance for a
few days, maybe some hours
until they get tired.
And then they need to
get back to their base,
to their mothership, or wherever
they have the opportunity
to recover from that
exercise they are doing.
And when you're using a vessel,
this is basically form-stable.
It's stable to its form
for 70 years, basically.
You can go on, and
on, and on, and on.
>> Right now on planet
Earth, are there more
extraterrestrials using the
immersion pods, shapeshifting,
the psionic holographic imaging?
>> We're probably talking about
hundreds of thousands of hybrid
people on this planet.
We're probably talking about
millions of reincarnated souls.
And we're probably only
talking about a few hundreds
of those immersion people.
>> And which ones are best
utilized for which kind
of missions?
>> Well, it depends.
So basically, if you
want your own soul
to experience something in
order to grow then, of course,
you go for an immersion
pod because you
have 100% real authentic
experience that your soul can
benefit from.
So if you are basically
interested in influencing
foreign species then
a hybrid program
would be the right thing to
do because these beings are
a direct mixture
of both species.
If you already made this
wonderful experience
that you're more
than an I experience
and that you are aware of,
you can go back and forth
through the natural
patterns of reincarnation,
this is the choice for most
higher frequential beings.
They do not use technology.
They rely upon the
natural patterns
that they have learned to
modify through their own psionic
features.
And if you have the experience,
and that this is not
the capability of projecting
out this holo form then,
potentially, you're
going to use that.
But this is not like
a lot of species
that are capable of doing so.
And it still needs a lot of
energy to hold up that form.
So this is, basically,
something for a covert mission
of a few weeks maybe.
>> Tim, have you ever seen
an immersion pod in action?
>> I am aware of
this technology.
And yes, I'm aware that
the Greys are using it
even for visiting different
other planes of reality.
So yes, I have seen it.
>> How have you seen it?
>> Well, I've seen it
on a craft from the--
that the Greys were using.
So they, basically,
had these tubes
that they were using, basically,
for connecting their--
this reality, this
experienceable universe
with a different version
of the universe, which
is basically,
actually not connected
to this universe at all.
So it's basically
connected through
a non-logical connectivity.
So it's a different version of
what we would call universe.
And that is something where
the Greys are currently
exploring life.
And it brings a lot
of challenges to them
because the definition of what
life is in a physical form
doesn't exist there.
So you basically have a
very small amount of time
until you lose your
own bodily form,
until you lose yourself in
existence in this kind of very
chaotic universe.
It still holds life.
So they are basically using
their technology there in order
to explore this.
>> You said you've
seen it on a craft.
Have you been in
one of the crafts?
>> I've seen some of the
craft, yes, from the inside.
>> And what exactly did the
immersion pod look like?
>> It's tubes.
They are utilizing
pretty high tubes
filled with a liquid where they,
basically, put people inside
of it.
And the liquid itself seems
to fulfill healing purposes,
but as well as stabilizing
the position of the body,
and giving nutritions, I
guess, to the body as well.
>> What were you doing on the
craft there in the first place?
>> It's been an
exploring mission.
So while we've done
this contact work,
we've also seen some
of that technology
and some of the crafts.
>> And these were the Greys?
>> Yes.
>> Could you please describe
the experience you had
on the craft?
>> So it wasn't a flying craft.
So it's, basically, visiting
any other piece of technology
that's been stored.
So it's basically a
roundish, disk-like object
that you can enter.
One of the first
impressions that I had
was that everything is super
smooth, seamlessly made.
And there's no dirt,
which is weird too.
And there's also no
direct light source
while everything is illuminated,
which is wondrous in that way.
>> Were you in your
3D body or astral?
>> Oh, yes.
>> And where did
this take place?
>> The same
communication scenario,
the same facility where the
communication itself took
place.
>> Where was the craft?
Was it here on
Earth or in space?
>> I've not been in space.
So it was on the ground.
>> Tim, could you describe
for us your visual account
of getting onto the craft,
maybe the scents you smelled,
just a little bit more detailed.
>> Well, I've not
smelled too much.
I would say the only
thing that I think
I smelled was a metal smell.
Everything felt pretty light.
The whole material inside
of it was seamlessly--
it was shiny.
It felt light in
a way that I don't
know if you could pick it up.
It would definitely be lighter
than the perception of it.
The craft itself had one
section where you find something
that I would identify as a
display or something, which
is where the Greys place
their puppet bodies.
They have stools there, chairs.
There was a kind
of bed, something
where you could
lay a body onto it,
probably something that
people know from their contact
scenarios when they've got
these examinations and stuff.
It didn't have a pillow, which
I found pretty interesting.
>> Was it flat?
>> It was absolutely flat
until the head, which was--
the head space was like
a hole almost where
you could rest your
head into that.
So it's basically
inverted to the experience
that humans have where they
put a pillow upon something.
It was like, you put
head down into it.
Other than that,
it was super clean,
which is super
interesting so not a grain
of dust or something on that.
>> Then were there other
beings in there with you?
>> Other beings?
No, actually.
Well, no, most of the time, no.
When we examined
those immersion pods,
I guess, two of the
beings were on the craft.
>> Do you know how long
they were in those pods?
>> No.
They weren't in the pods.
They were, actually,
just those puppet bodies.
And they were
operating on the craft
and showing people
around, I guess.
>> Were these craft
fully functional?
>> I assume so.
Yes.
So I think it's a craft that's
been placed there by the Greys
and not being brought there.
>> How many meters
was it across?
>> I would say, potentially,
maybe 20m, 15m, or something.
>> And what about the height?
>> It wasn't huge in a way that
it could carry a whole team
of people or something.
That would be
something that I would
assume that those kind of crafts
are like huge or something.
But it wasn't that small either.
So I would say three
humans could very well live
in that space, like, a
hotel room or something
from that dimensions
if that makes sense.
>> Do you know how
they flew the craft?
Was there controls?
Or was it just telepathy?
>> There were those
little baby stools,
baby chairs that you have.
Basically, the Grey would
put their body into that.
And I don't know if they put
their hands on something.
But this is basically the
operation corner of the craft.
>> How did you
feel, emotionally,
being on this craft
for the first time?
>> Other than the experiences
that I had with the beings,
which were intense
and traumatizing,
I wouldn't say that I felt any
presence in the craft itself.
What I found really distinct
and really fascinating
was this futuristic design
that seemed that everything
was so seamless.
There's something--
it's so smooth.
And that's attractive.
I don't know if
that's a wild thought.
But it feels like you want
to touch it because it's
so smooth in that way.
So this is something that
I found super interesting.
>> What color was it?
>> Very light metalish color,
super light, Grey metallic.
>> Were there any lit screens
or control panels at all?
>> Well, nothing that
was currently working.
But you could see that--head of
these little chairs that they
had, that this was basically
a monitor or a huge-curved
display.
>> How many times have
you been on that craft?
>> Only a few times, I don't
know, three, four times,
or something.
>> Why were you
going on the craft?
Was it a meeting, a mission?
>> No.
We basically had questions
about technology, again,
which was normal
because the Greys are
doing contracts and selling
their own technology.
So we went through
that, looked at it--
>> What did you
end up purchasing?
>> I don't know.
It's not me to make
those contracts.
I was translating
some of the stuff.
And that's basically it.
>> How do we become in
possession of this craft?
Was it in this
underground facility?
>> It was.
And I don't think that humans
were in possession of it.
I think they-- they, meaning the
Greys, have brought it in there
and used it potentially for
recharging their bodies maybe,
I don't know.
So it was basically
parked there.
I've not seen it
flying, operating,
or something-- was just there.
>> Was it hovering
off the ground?
>> No.
But I have-- which is funny.
I have seen someone
hovering around the craft
and doing some kind of
repair work or something--
a human figure.
It was weird because
this is the first time
that I've seen a person
hovering above ground.
And he was using--
I assume it was a
he, but I don't know.
He was using some kind of
tool, like a stick or something
onto the craft.
And the funny thing is
that when I approached him,
I had this message in my head,
which was like, oh, hey there,
what's your origin?
Where are you coming from?
>> Was that the craft?
Or was it the being?
>> No.
It was actually the
figure that I had this--
at least in my head, I had
this conversation with him.
He asked me, like,
oh, hello there.
And what's your origin?
Where are you from?
What's your planet?
That that's what he asked me.
And I was thinking
back something
like Earth or something.
And I went on.
But it a was very
weird conversation.
So he basically
had this blue suit
that was really, really tight.
And he had a mask that
looked like a fencer
from the olympic
team or something--
onto his face, which
was kind of weird.
>> Do you think he was
human or extraterrestrial?
>> Well, he was
definitely humanoid,
meaning the size
was that of a human.
He had two arms, two legs.
I don't know if he was human.
I assume he was not.
>> Well, I love your stories.
And it was very educational.
Tim, thanks for
being on the show.
>> Thank you, Emery.
>> I'm Emery Smith.
And this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[THEME SOUND]